README.md, before:

# Pandemics Unlimited

## Attributions

### Data

- SVG Map:

  [url=https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg][img]https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg/512px-Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg.png[/img][/url]
  [url=https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg]Worldmap location NED 50m[/url]
  Gringer, Public domain, via Wikimedia Commons

- Countrie Codes:

  https://github.com/michaelwittig/node-i18n-iso-countries

- Borders:

  https://github.com/geodatasource/country-borders

- Airports:

  https://github.com/jbrooksuk/JSON-Airports

- Flags:

  https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons

- Populations

  https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL

  ( 1 ) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2022 Revision. ( 2 ) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, ( 3 ) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, ( 4 ) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot ( various years ), ( 5 ) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and ( 6 ) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme.

  https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.GROW

  Derived from total population. Population source: ( 1 ) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2022 Revision, ( 2 ) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, ( 3 ) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, ( 4 ) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot ( various years ), ( 5 ) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and ( 6 ) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme.

### Images

- Planes:

  Planes by Kokota from <a href="https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/planes/" target="_blank" title="Planes Icons">Noun Project</a> (CC BY 3.0)

- Aircraft:

  aircraft by Alice Design from <a href="https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/aircraft/" target="_blank" title="aircraft Icons">Noun Project</a> (CC BY 3.0)

Commit message:

feat: add health data to sniffles

README.md, after:

# Pandemics Unlimited

## Attributions

### Data

- SVG Map:

  [url=https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg][img]https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg/512px-Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg.png[/img][/url]
  [url=https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Worldmap_location_NED_50m.svg]Worldmap location NED 50m[/url]
  Gringer, Public domain, via Wikimedia Commons

- Countrie Codes:

  https://github.com/michaelwittig/node-i18n-iso-countries

- Borders:

  https://github.com/geodatasource/country-borders

- Airports:

  https://github.com/jbrooksuk/JSON-Airports

- Flags:

  https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons

- Populations

  https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL

  ( 1 ) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2022 Revision. ( 2 ) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, ( 3 ) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, ( 4 ) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot ( various years ), ( 5 ) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and ( 6 ) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme.

  https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.GROW

  Derived from total population. Population source: ( 1 ) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2022 Revision, ( 2 ) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, ( 3 ) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, ( 4 ) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot ( various years ), ( 5 ) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and ( 6 ) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme.

- Preventable deaths (health)

  Cause of death, by communicable diseases and maternal, prenatal and nutrition conditions (% of total)

  https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SH.DTH.COMM.ZS

  Derived based on the data from Global Health Estimates 2020: Deaths by Cause, Age, Sex, by Country and by Region, 2000-2019. Geneva, World Health Organization; 2020. Link: who.int/data/gho/data/themes/mortality-and-global-health-estimates/ghe-leading-causes-of-death

### Images

- Planes:

  Planes by Kokota from <a href="https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/planes/" target="_blank" title="Planes Icons">Noun Project</a> (CC BY 3.0)

- Aircraft:

  aircraft by Alice Design from <a href="https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/aircraft/" target="_blank" title="aircraft Icons">Noun Project</a> (CC BY 3.0)
